Custom Amazon S3 headers in FileStorage (#4813)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/media-pipeline.rst

    AWS_USE_SSL = False # or True (None by default)
    AWS_VERIFY = False # or True (None by default)

Custom Amazon S3 headers
''''''''''''''''''''''''

> Steps to pass Headers to scrapy FilesPipeline using AWS S3
> 
> Configuration:

Reviewer: These are still to paragraphs, and I see some minor issues of consistency with the rest of the documentation. What about:

```suggestion
To send custom headers to AWS S3 when using :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.FilesPipeline`
or :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.images.ImagesPipeline`, follow these steps:
```

    AWS_USE_SSL = False # or True (None by default)
    AWS_VERIFY = False # or True (None by default)

> Custom Amazon S3 headers in FileStorage

Reviewer: Maybe you can remove the “in FileStorage” part, and describe the steps in a way that they work both for files and images?

Also, this should be a subheader. I believe you can use `'` for a lower-level header, e.g.

```
My header
'''''''''
```

Author: Done, I've added a more generalised subheader.

> Steps to pass **SSEKMSKeyId** and **ServerSideEncryption** to **scrapy** FilesPipeline using **AWS S3**

Reviewer: This reads very specific to those 2 headers.

Author: Done, resolved them and made them generalised

Configuration Steps::

>     1. Subclass ``scrapy.pipelines.files.S3FilesStore``, 

Reviewer: You can use ``` :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.S3FilesStore` ``` instead, which links to the reference documentation, and displays `S3FilesStore` only.

Author: Thanks, I'm implemented it too.

    2. Extend its ``HEADERS`` class attribute in your subclass to define the headers you want with the values you 
    want, for eg, ``X-Amz-Server-Side-Encryption``, ``X-Amz-Server-Side-Encryption-Aws-Kms-Key-Id``, etc.

>     3. You can see the header-to-key mapping in the source code of the class, for additional header names,

Reviewer: This sounds like you can only use one of the headers of the mapping. Maybe it would be good to make that clear if so, and maybe even copy that mapping here, or link somewhere else where it can be seen (botocore documentation?).

Author: I couldn't find specific documentation on **Request & Response Headers** in the **Botocore documentation**, but I've referred to the **Botocore S3 documentation** and **AWS documentation** for the reference of the user

    AWS_VERIFY = False # or True (None by default)

Custom Amazon S3 headers

> '''''''''''''''''''''''''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
''''''''''''''''''''''''
```

Author: Done

Steps to pass **Headers** to **scrapy** FilesPipeline using **AWS S3**

> Configuration Steps:

Reviewer: :lipstick: What about merging these into a single paragraph?

Also, I think the ```**boldface**``` is not necessary here.

Author: Merged into a paragraph and boldface is removed

> | 1. Subclass :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.S3FilesStore`, 

Reviewer: It’s the first time I see `|` at the beginning of a line in Sphinx, save for tables. What’s its purpose here?

Author: I wanted each step to be on a separate line, but now I've combined them into a paragraph, so I've removed these.

Reviewer: I think it was actually better to keep them as separate, numbered steps.

The way to do that in reStructuredText is `#.  …`, not `| 1. …`. (you can use numbers instead of #, but # handles numbering automatically)

    AWS_USE_SSL = False # or True (None by default)
    AWS_VERIFY = False # or True (None by default)
    

> .. _Minio: https://github.com/minio/minio
> .. _s3.scality: https://s3.scality.com/
> .. _botocore: https://github.com/boto/botocore
> .. _canned ACLs: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/acl-overview.html#canned-acl
> 
> Custom Amazon S3 headers
> ''''''''''''''''''''''''
> 
> To send custom headers to AWS S3 when using :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.FilesPipeline`
> or :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.images.ImagesPipeline`, follow these steps:
> 
> Subclass :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.S3FilesStore`, Extend its ``HEADERS`` class attribute in your subclass to define the headers you want with the values you want.
> For reference, `S3 <https://botocore.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/s3.html>`_ , `Common Request Headers <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonRequestHeaders.html>`_ , `Common Response Headers <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonResponseHeaders.html>`_ , `Request Response Data Mapping <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/request-response-data-mappings.html>`_.
> You can see the header-to-key mapping in the source code of the class, for additional header names then, Subclass ``FilesPipeline``, and edit the ``STORE_SCHEMES`` class attribute in your subclass to point ``s3`` to your ``S3FilesStore`` subclass. Update your ``ITEM_PIPELINES`` setting to use your ``FilesPipeline`` subclass.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _botocore: https://github.com/boto/botocore
.. _canned ACLs: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/acl-overview.html#canned-acl
.. _Minio: https://github.com/minio/minio
.. _s3.scality: https://s3.scality.com/

Custom Amazon S3 headers
'''''''''''''''''''''''''

To send custom headers to AWS S3 when using :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.FilesPipeline`
or :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.images.ImagesPipeline`, follow these steps:

#. Subclass :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.S3FilesStore`, 

#. Extend its ``HEADERS`` class attribute in your subclass to define the headers you want with the values you want. For reference,  `S3 <https://botocore.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/s3.html>`_ , `Common Request Headers <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonRequestHeaders.html>`_ , `Common Response Headers <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonResponseHeaders.html>`_ , `Request Response Data Mapping <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/request-response-data-mappings.html>`_

#. You can see the header-to-key mapping in the source code of the class, for additional header names,

#. Subclass ``FilesPipeline``, and edit the ``STORE_SCHEMES`` class attribute in your subclass to point ``s3`` to your ``S3FilesStore`` subclass,

#. Update your ``ITEM_PIPELINES`` setting to use your ``FilesPipeline`` subclass.
```

Reviewer: I think step 3 should be a second paragraph of step 2, rather than a step.

    AWS_USE_SSL = False # or True (None by default)
    AWS_VERIFY = False # or True (None by default)
    
.. _botocore: https://github.com/boto/botocore
.. _canned ACLs: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/acl-overview.html#canned-acl
.. _Minio: https://github.com/minio/minio
.. _s3.scality: https://s3.scality.com/

Custom Amazon S3 headers
'''''''''''''''''''''''''

To send custom headers to AWS S3 when using :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.FilesPipeline`
or :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.images.ImagesPipeline`, follow these steps:

#. Subclass :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.S3FilesStore`, 

#. Extend its ``HEADERS`` class attribute in your subclass to define the headers you want with the values you want. For reference,  `S3 <https://botocore.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/s3.html>`_ , `Common Request Headers <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonRequestHeaders.html>`_ , `Common Response Headers <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonResponseHeaders.html>`_ , `Request Response Data Mapping <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/request-response-data-mappings.html>`_ . 

> You can see the header-to-key mapping in the source code of the class for additional header names.

Reviewer: The second paragraph, because there is no empty line in between, will get rendered as an additional line of the first paragraph. i.e. we need an empty line.

Are all those links relevant here? I would imagine response headers are not or relevance.

When indicating that keader-to-key mapping can be seen in the source code, we should probably include a link to that source code, to make the user experience easier.

:lipstick:  It would be great if we split this into multiple, shorter lines to make it more readable when reading the source code.

    AWS_USE_SSL = False # or True (None by default)
    AWS_VERIFY = False # or True (None by default)
    
.. _botocore: https://github.com/boto/botocore
.. _canned ACLs: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/acl-overview.html#canned-acl
.. _Minio: https://github.com/minio/minio
.. _s3.scality: https://s3.scality.com/

Custom Amazon S3 headers
'''''''''''''''''''''''''

To send custom headers to AWS S3 when using :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.FilesPipeline`
or :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.images.ImagesPipeline`, follow these steps:

#. Subclass :class:`~scrapy.pipelines.files.S3FilesStore`, 

> #. Extend its ``HEADERS`` class attribute in your subclass to define the headers you want with the values you want. For reference,  `S3 <https://botocore.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/s3.html>`_ , `Common Request Headers <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonRequestHeaders.html>`_ , `Common Response Headers <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonResponseHeaders.html>`_ , `Request Response Data Mapping <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/request-response-data-mappings.html>`_
> 
> #. You can see the header-to-key mapping in the source code of the class, for additional header names,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Extend its ``HEADERS`` class attribute in your subclass to define the headers you want with the values you want. For reference,  `S3 <https://botocore.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/s3.html>`_ , `Common Request Headers <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonRequestHeaders.html>`_ , `Common Response Headers <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonResponseHeaders.html>`_ , `Request Response Data Mapping <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/request-response-data-mappings.html>`_ . 
You can see the header-to-key mapping in the source code of the class for additional header names.
```
